Hello, hello, hi what's your name sir my name is ma that's? Why? You want britain's got talent i?
Am desperate to perform magic to an audience just
like that and
Magic has always been a dream of mine and last, year i decided to take the plunge and to do it full-time
Now if i was to show. You all something
Up here on stage with, this, rubik's cube i'd be worried that because our judges are a little far away, they might actually
Miss the moment
The cube solves itself so if it's. Okay with you please when i come down, and show. You this close-up yes thank you very much
Now, a rubik's cube turn them and mix them up they get jumbled up real fast and then the only way to
Get it back to the beginning is to get all the colors to come
Back together i want you to look just here for me and watch
One by one you can actually see those colors start to
reassemble themselves
I was good i have no idea are you sure would you be so kind to give this a really good mix up for me
Keep turning the mix in it and what you're doing now?
Simon i'd love for you to help, me, also i've got another cube here it's not mixed up i don't need
to mix it up i just want you to choose a color and whatever color you choose
put it on the top - say you chose yellow put it on top and cover it up so no one can see it is
That okay, yeah how, about getting on alicia. Yeah, okay, lovely let's do this out, okay?
Now if you were to look at this cube you can
See all the colors mixed up all over now simon can
You, see the color you've chosen here you go alicia
Would you mind putting your hand flat like a table for me just like this
We'll put it just up here i want you to stay perfectly
Still for me just like that now simon we're just, gonna reveal the color that you chose if that's okay
The color, white is that correct. Yeah
Now, alicia all i want you to do is look right here and i want you to think of the color, white?
watch
three
white
Just vanished, from every single side of this cube
every side
But the side
Now before i finish him and i would love to try one last thing with you on stage you mind coming up for you some
moments
Thank, your money we're welcome now if you look at the food but people are trying to solve it they basically pay attention to it
Every single pieces before they found the solution but we're not gonna have you, do that we're gonna have
You, solve this, rubik's cube without even thinking, about it
So put both your hands behind your back
Like this now i want you to turn the cube behind your back just like this but that's all, why
What do you do okay, now i'm gonna give you, one last look
are you ready, yes
Let me know, when you feel it in your hands that's great and just start to turn it just as i showed you
That's great perfect so i want you to believe amanda you can, solve that i could do this you could do it
She's got this now i want you to stop turning the cube now
close your eyes for me
audiences 43 quintillion
Different, ways to mix up a. Rubik's cube, and wouldn't it be amazing if an amanda
You could, do the impossible thing tonight not me but. You'd be a bloody miracle
Three two, one put it in front open your eyes